>> Welcome to Module III.
This module is all about acoustic modeling,
which is the technique of taking
an acoustic wave form and breaking it
down into individual sounds or
phones in order to interpret
all the different little parts that make up a waveform.
>> That's right.
The acoustic model looks at the fine detail of
the signal and provides
the foundation for everything that comes after it.
>> So, it's very important.
>> It's very important.
It's also my specialty.
In this module, we're going to be learning about
the details of creating an acoustic model.
In order to model the phone units in the acoustics,
we use a technique called Hidden Markov
modeling which is just a way
of saying we're breaking
the signal label down into three units per phone,
the beginning, middle, and end of the sound.
And these labels form
the target for our training algorithms.
For more advanced models,
you'll also learn that people will create,
instead of phonetic units, triphone units.
And the triphones are just like phones but they're
aware of the phonetic context they're in,
because when you're speaking fluently,
the target sounds you make for
a particular phone will change
based on the context around it.
People often refer to the labels as scenomes and this is
an old term just talking about
the fundamental acoustic label in the model.
We're going to be teaching you about
acoustic modeling with deep neural networks,
where we use deep neural network formalism
to map from the acoustic features to these labels.
We'll look at a couple of popular network architectures,
including the deep neural network
which was first applied to
large vocabulary speech recognition
by our lab in Microsoft Research,
and we'll also look at bidirectional, long,
short term memory models or BLSTM for short,
which is a type of recurrent model that's popular today.
We'll also try to teach
you about the different
objective functions you can train against,
such as Coffin's should be training and
sequence training which have
different trade-offs based on your modeling goals.
So, please, have fun with the material.